README.md, before:

# Timed Coding Quiz
Simple overview of use/purpose.

## Description

This application is a timed coding quiz with multiple-choice questions.
This app will runs in the browser, and features dynamically updated HTML and CSS powered by JavaScript code with a clean, polished, and responsive user interface.

## Table of Contents

- [Preview](#preview)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Features](#features)
- [Help](#help)
- [License](#license)
- [Acknowledgments](#acknowledgments)

## Preview
![screenshot of a webpage for a coding quiz](/Timed-Coding-Quiz/assets/images/Coding%20Quiz%20Preview.png)

[Deployed Site]()

## Usage

How to use

## Features

If your project has a lot of features, list them here.

## Help

Any advise for common problems or issues.
```
command to run if program contains helper info
```

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the LICENSE.md file for details.

All icon used in this project are from Google Fonts. 
- [Apache License Version 2.0.](https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.txt)

## Acknowledgments

Inspiration, code snippets, etc.

Commit message:

added acceptance criteria to README.

README.md, after:

# Timed Coding Quiz
Simple overview of use/purpose.

## Description

This application is a timed coding quiz with multiple-choice questions.
This app will runs in the browser, and features dynamically updated HTML and CSS powered by JavaScript code with a clean, polished, and responsive user interface.

## Table of Contents

- [Preview](#preview)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Features](#features)
- [Help](#help)
- [License](#license)
- [Acknowledgments](#acknowledgments)
- [Acceptance Criteria](#acceptance-criteria)

## Preview
![screenshot of a webpage for a coding quiz](/Timed-Coding-Quiz/assets/images/Coding%20Quiz%20Preview.png)

[Deployed Site]()

## Usage

How to use

## Features

If your project has a lot of features, list them here.

## Help

Any advise for common problems or issues.
```
command to run if program contains helper info
```

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the LICENSE.md file for details.

All icon used in this project are from Google Fonts. 
- [Apache License Version 2.0.](https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.txt)

## Acknowledgments

**Inspiration**

**Tutorials**

## Acceptance Criteria

GIVEN I am taking a code quiz
WHEN I click the start button
THEN a timer starts and I am presented with a question
WHEN I answer a question
THEN I am presented with another question
WHEN I answer a question incorrectly
THEN time is subtracted from the clock
WHEN all questions are answered or the timer reaches 0
THEN the game is over
WHEN the game is over
THEN I can save my initials and my score
